feat(KTable): add hasNextPage support for offset pagination [KHCP-9591] (#1859)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/table.md

  - `page`: the currently visible page - starts at `1`
  - `pageSize`: the number of items to display per page
  - `offset`: the value of the offset for offset-based pagination. `offset` **MUST** be included in the fetcher params for offset-based pagination to work properly.

>   - `hasNextPage`: a boolean value indicates if the next page exists in case of using cursor (`offset`) pagination. By default the value is `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `hasNextPage`: a boolean value indicating if the next page exists in case of using cursor (`offset`) pagination. This is used to determine disable state of the prev/next page buttons. By default the value is `true`.
```

Author: updated
